[alarm blaring]
This is madness.
[GARP] A move like this
is damn near impossible.
Only one man alive could do it.
[MARINES gasp]
History awakens.
A survivor clawing his way out
of the days of Gol D. Roger.
Twenty years of silence.
Where the hell has he been
hiding out all that time?
Vanquished by Roger then
locked up by the government.
The crazy bastard cut off
his own legs to get free
of the shackles and
break outta prison.
Shiki the Golden Lion.
Let's give them a taste
of what's to come.
[MARINES yell]
[MARINE F]
Open fire!
Why couldn't the son of
a bitch just keep quiet
and remain a legend?
What's he been up to?
Has he been preparing
all this time
to take his revenge?
[SHIKI]
Ji ha ha ha ha ha!
[LUFFY panting]
I gotta get movin'
if I'm gonna find 'em.
[LUFFY yells]
All right!
Now Gum-Gum Balloon!
[LUFFY yelps]
[LUFFY yells]
That is a big bug!
[LUFFY grunts]
[MANTIS screeches]
[BEAR growls]
They just keep on coming.
This's gotta be the meanest
island I've ever been on.
You wanna fight?
Ha! How about a Gum-Gum...
...Pistol!
[LUFFY yells]
Huh. So much for that.
I keep forgetting how crazy
tough these animals are.
Fine. Third Gear!
[LUFFY]
Bone Balloon!
Gum-Gum...
...Giant Pistol!
[LUFFY yelps]
[LUFFY grunts]
Woo! Got kinda close there.
Man, I love this technique,
but the whole shrinking
part kinda sucks.
Wonder if we can cook this up.
[BROOK]
That was a strange noise.
What do you think it was?
[FRANKY]
I couldn't care less.
We got other things
to worry about.
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
[BROOK screams]
[FRANKY]
Huh? What now?
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
Looks like an army of ants!
[BROOK yelps]
What the--?
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
Guess we're the ones they want!
But Franky...
Didn't you already
use up all your cola?
Huh?!  Oh, no, you're right!
[BROOK screams]
It's coming back around.
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
[FRANKY]
Whoa!
[BROOK]
Hey, it's like me now.
You two aren't injured, are you?
Well, I just figured out
why they passed you over
and came barreling towards us.
Why?
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
[FRANKY]
They're hungry.
They want meat.
Not dried up old bones.
Oh, so I'm not good
enough for you, huh?!
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
[BROOK]
Three Verse Humming...
[ARMY ANTS chitter]
...Arrow Notch Slash!
[BROOK] I cannot deny the fact
that I am nothing but bones,
but I am still sensitive
about my appearance.
So. Do these pants
make my butt look fat?
♪
[FRANKY] All right, I think
it's time to ask,
what's wrong with this island?
[ROBIN] I've never seen
animals or insects
evolve like this before.
A world with no concern
for wisdom or reason.
All that matters here
is brute strength.
Yeah, survival of the fittest,
digestion of the rest.
[music playing]
[SHIKI chuckles]
You're startin' to look
pretty comfortable.
Does that mean you've changed
your mind, baby doll?
[NAMI]
No. Let me go.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
A strong mind and a hard head.
No doubt about it, a woman
after my dusty old heart.
[DR INDIGO]
Ah!
[shoes farting]
Are those really the only pair
of shoes that you own?
Honestly, Doctor Indigo!
[farting noise continues]
What are you trying to tell me?
I just remembered I wanna
show you something--
You know how to talk?!
[SCARLET grunts]
Is that my mother?
C'mon, he's obviously a gorilla!
[NAMI]
Don't look at me.
You're so cool you make
ice insecure, baby doll.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[NAMI]
How did everything go so wrong?
[LUFFY] Hold on, what's
happening in the East Blue?
Well, the headline
just says "Danger.
The deadly mystery
of disintegrating towns."
Sounds serious, though.
Evidently, a bunch of places
are being wiped out overnight.
It looks like our islands
haven't been affected
for the time being,
but who knows?
It might not stay
that way for long.
Nearly half of our
crew are originally
from the East Blue.
Luffy, Zoro, Nami, and Usopp.
I can see why they're worried.
Oh. You too, right, Sanji?
Well, yeah, more or less.
I was born in the North Blue,
but I was raised
in the East Blue.
[USOPP]
What is that? A meteorite?
[rumbling]
[GROUP]
Huh?
An island?
Yeah, but islands don't fly!
Do they?
It has sails.
Ya think it's some kind of ship?
[USOPP]
They've got a Jolly Roger!
It's a flying island
pirate ship?
[NAMI]
This wind is wrong.
[NAMI] We've gotta change
direction, Luffy!
We're headed straight
towards a cyclone!
[LUFFY]
What? Okay then.
But first we've gotta warn
those guys about it.
Hey!
Wait! Don't yell at those guys!
I think they're trying
to tell us something, sir.
Are they pirates?
[HENCHMAN A]
It looks that way.
Hey!
Wha-- What is it, Luffy?
[LUFFY]
Nami!
[NAMI]
Huh?
Huh! It's a Tone Dial.
I guess this means
we aren't the only ones
that've taken a trip
up to Skypiea.
Wouldn't be too tough;
they do have a flying ship.
Don't freak out, you guys.
Nami.
Okay.
Ah.
Seems they know how
to use a Tone Dial.
[NAMI]
There's a cyclone approaching.
Turn your ship
90 degrees to port!
[SHIKI]
Navigators?
[NAVIGATOR A]
Oh, no, sir.
We haven't picked up a single
trace of anything like that.
[NAVIGATOR B] The pressure
is completely stable, too.
[HENCHMAN A] They've turned
their ship to the left, Captain.
I don't think they're bluffing.
[SHIKI PIRATES chattering]
Ah! An afro?
Those are storm clouds,
not hair!
Impossible! Captain!
Turn the ship
90 degrees to port!
She's right! There's a cyclone!
[HENCHMAN B]
Captain Shiki!
[HENCHMAN C] You can't
just leave us out here!
[HENCHMAN D]
Let us in!
[HENCHMEN yell]
Don't ever make
a wrong forecast again.
[NAV ROOM]
Uh... Yes, sir!
Now that we're clear...
They've got a woman down there
so tapped into the weather
that she makes my navigators
look like fools.
Did he... Did he just
fly down here?
He did.
I'm Captain Shiki
the Golden Lion.
A fellow pirate.
Now. Who recorded the
message on that Tone Dial?
Uh, yeah, that was me, heh.
[SHIKI]
Hmm...
So you're the one, baby doll.
Well, I thank you.
Uh, sure.
Hey, Flying Guy.
How'd you get that
island to float?
[SHIKI]
Hm?
Oh, you mean my ship.
That's thanks to the power
of the Float-Float Fruit.
I can manipulate the gravity
of any object I touch.
No matter how large or small.
I'll give you an example.
Now observe.
[USOPP]
Okay.
Awesome!
Now, me!
Make me float! I wanna float!
[CHOPPER]
Me too, me too!
Ji ha ha ha ha!
No can do.
It doesn't work on humans.
I can make myself float,
but that's about it.
Well, that's kinda lame.
Boo! Boo!
[SHIKI] Sorry to disappoint,
but there are sights
at my hideout
I think you'd enjoy.
Why don't you join me there?
As a sign of my gratitude.
Thanks, but no.
I'd like to, but we're
in a big rush to get
to the East Blue right now.
We what?
[whistle blows]
Whoa, back up!
Did you forget about
our adventure?
It's not goin' anywhere;
we can start over anytime.
Your hometown might
get destroyed.
You don't wanna do
anything about that?
Well, uh...
When you put it that way...
It's decided then.
Seriously?
Uh, I guess we should.
And everyone's okay with this?
Well good, then.
Well, there you have it.
Thanks for the offer, though.
I like you even more now!
So you guys call the
East Blue your home, huh?
I heard what's happening there.
I can only imagine how worried
you must be.
That settles it!
I'll use my float powers
and take you there right away.
No way, you mean it?
Thanks, Mister!
Wow, you're a nice guy!
It's my pleasure.
Man, talk about
returning a favor.
All right!
We're headin' home,
you guys, get ready to fight!
Yeah!
Shouldn't we talk about
this some more?!
[LUFFY chuckles]
We're flying!
[CHOPPER]
The wind is nice!
You guys don't look like
you're too concerned
about "getting ready
for battle."
Indeed! Sharpen up, you guys.
You're not even wearing
proper battle attire.
You look more relaxed
than anybody!
Hey, there's something up ahead.
Whoa, this is blowing my mind!
Did you make every one
of these islands float
with your powers?
Uh-huh, guilty as charged.
Once I make something float,
it keeps on floating
till I change my mind.
[LUFFY]
Wow! That island is huge!
We're here.
Home sweet home.
Welcome to Merveille!
You couldn't find a better
home for adventurers
such as yourselves!
I'm sure you'll all enjoy it
once you settle in.
[NAMI yelps]
Hey!
[SHIKI]
Let's go!
[NAMI yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[SHIKI]
Your navigator is mine!
Nami!
Ji ha ha ha!
[ALL yelling]
[NAMI]
Luffy! You guys!
[SHIKI] Ji ha ha ha ha!
Ji ha ha ha!
[shoes farting]
[DR INDIGO]
Captain Shiki!
We've had another
evolutionary breakthrough!
A new species!
Take a look at this fella!
Huh? A guitar?
[DR INDIGO]
Are you blind? It's a bird!
[BILLY squawks]
[SHIKI]
Stupid guitar!
Hey, lay off!
So that was the evolution?
Correct.
He's evolved to discharge
bursts of electricity.
Evolved? What do you mean?
What's that?
You want to know?
Well you'd find out as soon
as you join my crew,
so I guess I might
as well tell you now.
Throughout the history
of this island,
the native animals have
evolved in a strange,
rapid manner.
Untouched by the outside world.
This development is all
thanks to a plant called IQ.
It manipulates the animal's
physical growth
to not only adapt
to the surroundings,
but to aggressively
overcome them.
Once we realized its effect,
I harvested every last IQ
plant on the entire island.
And after 20 years
of experimentation,
we've got just what we want.
The synthesized distillation
of the IQ plant's potent powers.
A new drug. SIQ!
[DR INDIGO] With a single
injection, the animals evolve
into perfect fighting machines.
Their astounding
strength only matched
by their boundless aggression.
And the more we give them,
the more violent they get.
You've never seen
such savage animals!
[GORILLA yells]
But that's horrifying.
Why would you want to do that?
[SHIKI] You'll understand our
ultimate goal soon enough.
--[DR INDIGO yells]
--[splash]
As long as you join
my crew, that is.
Are you deaf?
I already told you I'd never--
You will!
Not only will you join my crew,
you'll grovel for your
chance to do it.
You'll get down on your
hands and knees and beg.
And once we get that sad
scene out of the way,
I'll tell you everything
you ever wanted to hear.
Just remember.
I'm always willing to grant
a favor for one of my own crew.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[SCARLET grunting]
[DR INDIGO]
Uh...
Were you pounding your
chest to impress the girl?
[SCARLET grunts]
They're having a
serious conversation!
You dirty ape!
I just thought you were my
grandma for a second there.
Does everyone in
your stinkin' family
look like a gorilla, or what?
[NAMI] If this island really
is full of those animals,
no wonder the guys
haven't found me yet.
Nami swan!
[USOPP]
Will you stop screaming already?
[yells]
A bug!
Where are you? Robin!
[USOPP] I just told you
to stop shouting, didn't I?
Ah! A bird!
Nami swan!
[USOPP] We really need
to come up with a better plan!
Robin!
What is wrong with you?
Just shut up!
[USOPP screams]
I'm gonna die!
Doesn't get much closer
than that, does it?
[USOPP]
Up!
Up! Look up! Look up!
[SANJI yells]
[USOPP yells]
[USOPP]
Help, Sanji!
[SANJI]
Concase!
Nighty-night, kitty.
Bravo! Nicely done!
Thanks to my guidance,
of course!
What are we dealin'
with this time?
[BEASTS grunting]
[USOPP yells]
[SANJI]
What are these things?
Ah! They're gonna destroy
the whole island!
[USOPP, SANJI yell]
[SANJI, USOPP grunt]
[USOPP]
Not good.
[CHOPPER]
Thank goodness.
We made it in time.
[ZORO]
Hey, Chopper.
Why don't you let
her wear your fur?
Yeah, good idea.
She does look cold.
I'm not a coat!
[ZORO]
So you're awake.
Uh, I think so.
What're you doing
out by yourself
in a dangerous place like this?
Huh?
Um... Well, I was, uh--
It doesn't matter.
Let's just stay focused
on getting out of the cold.
We've been lost in
this snow for days now
and I am ready to get out of it.
How'd you do that?
It only takes half a day
to cross the winter zone.
What?
You just head that way.
Ya see?
You've been leading us
in the opposite direction
for three days now, Zoro.
That wasn't there before.
That's my village
just down there.
It's right by the river.
By the way,
thank you for rescuing me.
My name's Xiao.
[ZORO]
I'm Zoro.
[CHOPPER]
And I'm Tony Tony Chopper.
[XIAO gasps]
A... A talking gorilla.
[CHOPPER gasps]
Don't pass out again!
[USOPP grunts]
Ow.
Hold on, there's people actually
living on this island?
Can you pass me that?
[WOMAN B]
Here ya go.
Do you want me to hold
that one for you?
[SANJI]
You notice something strange?
Yeah.
[SANJI]
This village.
I'm not seeing any young women.
That's what's strange?!
Oh, good, you're awake.
I'm amazed you're alive.
You sure did surprise us
when you came
tumbling out of
the sky like that.
Oh. Thank you.
Thank you, madam.
C'mon, do I really look like
a madam to you?
What're those feathers
on your arms?
Good question.
We've all got them around here,
but I couldn't tell you why.
Huh.
Just wondering, but do you have
enough to eat in this village?
Everyone's so thin.
Uh...
Uh, yeah.
It could be better,
but we still manage.
All of the men and
young women were taken
to work in the palace.
We can only get by hand-to-mouth
without anyone to do
the heavy labor.
[USOPP]
That's awful.
You can't let 'em
treat you that way.
[MADAM]
Easier said than done.
We'd be slaughtered
if we defy Shiki.
Shiki?
That's right.
He's got all of us under his
complete and total control.
On top of that--[gasps]
Get down! Hurry!
[SANJI grunts]
--Jeez, lady...
--Shh!
Ah! What is that thing?
It's a Self-Propelled
Surveillance Transponder Snail.
That's how Shiki
keeps tabs on us.
It transmits video
footage to the palace.
We're under constant
surveillance, night and day.
If anyone's caught
doing anything
against Shiki's commands,
he has them killed
just to set an example.
[GROUP yells]
[ZORO, CHOPPER grunt]
Why'd it go and
freak out like that?
[CHOPPER]
It's the stench.
It stinks so bad I feel like my
nose is gonna start bleeding.
Don't you smell that?
That's the Daft Green you smell.
Our village is surrounded by it.
It's a type of tree only
found here on this island.
All of the animals can't
stand the way it smells.
So it keeps them away
from the village
like a protective barrier.
I can see why.
C'mon. Plug up your nose
and quit whining.
Let's go.
This one of 'em?
That's right.
These plugs are almost
touching my brain
and I can still smell it.
Yeah.
It does kind of stink,
doesn't it?
Oh! You think?
Be careful you don't breathe
in too much of it, okay?
It's poisonous.
Then tell us that sooner!
[blow landing]
How many times have I told you
that you are not to go past
the Daft Green trees?
But I-- I just wanted
to help Grandma,
and that's the only way!
[XIAO'S GRANDMOTHER]
Xiao.
The last thing I'd
ever want you to do
is get yourself hurt
on my account.
But Grandma...
If we don't do something,
then you're gonna--
[XIAO'S MOTHER cries]
Thank you so much.
We were so worried about her.
I wish there was some way
we could pay you back.
We just happened to
pass by and noticed her.
Really.
To be honest,
she's the one who saved us.
Not to be rude,
but what's she sick with?
[XIAO'S MOTHER]
It's an ailment called Daft.
It covers the body
with green bruises
that grow rigid until
eventually you can't move.
The only way to
contract it is from inhaling
large quantities of Daft Green.
It's terrible.
The only cure comes
from a plant called IQ,
but it's difficult
to come by these days.
And just one's not
enough to help.
So that's why she was out
in the snow on her own.
[XIAO]
I'm sorry, Mom.
No, honey. It's okay.
It's not your fault.
It's because that evil
Shiki took all the IQ.
Wait. Did you say Shiki?
Everything was wonderful
on this island
until 20 years ago.
The humans, plants,
and even those giant animals
lived in peaceful coexistence.
And then Shiki showed up,
took control, and ruined it all.
[XIAO] I wish they'd just leave
us alone and go away
to their sea of schemes.
That old lady.
Isn't there something
you could do to cure her?
[CHOPPER] I've never seen
those symptoms before.
It'd be reckless to try.
On the bright side,
at least we don't have to
worry about getting attacked
by all of those vicious animals.
Well, for now.
[CHOPPER]
Yeah.
The Daft Green won't
stop attacking my sense
of smell though.
But I can tolerate it.
Knowing we're safe
is good enough for me.
I just hope everyone
else has found a place
like this to stay.
Yeah. I'm worried, too.
We can pick up
the search in a while,
but let's get some rest first.
I'm beyond exhausted.
Ugh! Something's wrong with me.
My body feels all heavy.
That's called exhaustion,
you ninny.
We've been too busy
being chased by animals
for the past week to sleep.
[ZORO, SANJI]
Oh, hey, it's you.
Huh? Sanji! Usopp!
[USOPP]
Not too rough!
[ASSISTANT A]
Right on schedule.
All of the captains
have arrived in port, sir.
Excellent.
We'll depart shortly after
the general assembly.
You mean tonight's the night?
[SHIKI] Gather up the men and
return them to the village.
What? You're really gonna
set them free?
Well, I am a man of my word.
But just one for each family.
You can't know
true despair unless
you experienced hope first.
Their anguish will be
so much sweeter
when I pluck them
from the heights of joy
and drop them into
a pit of darkness.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[shoes farting]
[SHIKI]
Huh?
Captain Shiki!
[ALL]
Whoa! You can talk?
I've got terrible news!
I'm afraid the girl
escaped somehow!
She what?
[DR INDIGO] She must've realized
that the pool to the palace
leads directly to the outside.
[SHIKI]
That was careless!
How could you let a rare
talent like her escape?
Send out a search
party right now!
I want her found!
[DR INDIGO]
Yes, sir!
[BILLY squawks]
Knock it off! That hurts!
Jeez.
[BILLY crying]
[NAMI]
Not so fast.
You did save me though.
Thank you.
[BILLY squawks]
Now then.
Let's figure out where we are.
[BILLY squawks]
[NAMI]
It's the Sunny!
[LUFFY]
Hey! It's the Sunny!
Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Nami!
[NAMI gasps]
You're okay and I didn't
even have to save you!
How'd you get away from
that floaty guy, anyway?
[NAMI]
Stay away from me!
[LUFFY laughs]
[BILLY squawks]
Where's everyone else?
[LUFFY]
I dunno.
I haven't seen anyone
since you got taken away.
I never thought you'd be the
first one I'd run into, though!
Just relax for now.
Eat up, this scorpion's great!
Right? Billy?
[BILLY squawks]
No, thank you.
Who is Billy?
This guy,
'cause his bill's electric!
See?
[BILLY squawks]
Oh, yeah.
I guess electricity doesn't
affect a guy made out of rubber.
Here's a question for you.
Should we just stay put now
that we've found the Sunny?
It might be easier
to wait for everyone else
to come to us.
[LUFFY]
No way! That's boring!
Well! I must hand it to you,
I love this crawfish bike.
[FRANKY]
Wow!
Another one of my custom
designs to add to the list.
I'm callin' it the
Crawley Davidson.
[BROOK]
Perfect!
♪ Crawley Davidson.
Crawley Davidson. ♪
♪ Lalalalala!
Hey, it looks like there's
something up ahead.
[FRANKY]
Is that a town?
[ROBIN]
I think so.
[FRANKY]
Whoa!
[BROOK]
I bit my tongue!
Not that I have one.
Motorcycles don't jump
backwards, stupid!
[ROBIN]
It's trembling.
[FRANKY] And it's not
listening to me either.
Guess we'll have to walk.
[LUFFY]
Whoa! What's wrong?
[NAMI screams]
[BILLY panting]
[NAMI]
There's a village down there.
Those are the same type of trees
Shiki has surrounding
his palace.
I wonder if the smell
they give off is repulsive
to him or something.
Billy? Is that it?
[BILLY squawks]
Maybe the locals use those
trees as some kind of barrier.
If they ward off
all the animals,
they'd be able
to live there safely.
[LUFFY] Yeah, hopefully we'll
find everyone in that village.
I'm so happy you're okay, Nami!
I've been so worried
about you this past week
that I couldn't even sleep! Ah!
No kidding.
And he kept us up
all night, too.
We're still missing Robin!
She's probably avoiding
your loud mouth!
What?!
Man, it's so great to see
all your happy faces again!
Mom, there's a giant
bird outside!
[XIAO'S MOTHER]
Oh, my.
You've really turned
into quite the little party
all of a sudden.
Why don't you all come
inside and rest a while?
Nami. Go on in, I bet you
could use some rest.
Okay. Sure.
[XIAO'S MOTHER]
C'mon, wake up, Xiao.
Go next door and ask
to borrow some tea leaves.
[XIAO]
Okay.
Captain Shiki, we found
her in the village.
[SHIKI]
I see that.
I guess we better bring
our navigator home
before she gets too
comfortable out there.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[CROWD chattering]
I'm not seein' any of our crew.
But what's with all the pirates?
They got enough cutthroats
gathered under one roof
to start a war or something.
It looks like each group
has their own Eternal Pose,
so we can safely assume
they've been called here
for some reason or another.
[BROOK belches]
Ah. Excuse me, Miss.
Just wondering.
Would you be so kind as
to show me your panties?
No way, creep!
Your arms. Are those--
Huh? Oh, this?
I dunno.
I get the feeling
we wanna be birds.
You what?
I don't think you
can turn into a bird
just 'cause you wanna.
[BROOK]
So, about those panties--
[grunts]
[PIRATE A]
I know you guys.
You're the Straw Hats, right?
Huh?
Goin' by your reputation,
I'm kinda surprised
you folks're joining up
with Captain Shiki's
brotherhood.
--Who said--
--Well, that's why we're here.
[ROBIN]
I'm a little confused, though.
Do you know why he's
forming up a brotherhood
of pirates?
Wait, you don't know why?
You're joking.
Don't you know how to read?
It's right here
in the newspaper.
Take a look.
You mean that he's--
[BROOK]
Huh?
[WOMEN chattering]
[LUFFY snores]
[XIAO]
Grandma! Mommy!
Great news!
[XIAO'S MOTHER]
Are you sure?
[XIAO]
Yeah, it's true!
I even saw Shu's daddy
with my own two eyes.
He said everyone else
will be back soon!
Daddy and sis should
be home anytime now!
After all this time?
I feel like I must be dreaming.
But then that means--
Yeah!
Shiki and his men
are finally going away!
He's taking his scary animals
to the sea of schemes!
They're going to the East Blue!
[SHIKI]
I understand.
I can imagine how
worried you must be,
being from the East Blue.
You'll come to understand
our ultimate goal
soon enough.
You'll get down on
your knees and beg me
to join my crew,
and once that's out of way,
I'll tell you anything
you've ever wanted to hear.
Why don't you come and
be my personal navigator,
baby doll?
Just remember.
I'm always willing
to grant a favor
for one of my own crew.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[XIAO'S GRANDMOTHER] To see a
light of hope after all these
years of darkness...
It hardly feels real.
I know, but I think it is.
We won't have to worry
about him for much longer.
He's the East Blue's
problem now.
Luffy.
[PIRATE A]
Impressive, huh?
Shiki's a clever bastard.
Talk about a warning.
No way the world government
can ignore that.
Ah. I see.
What's his goal exactly?
[PIRATE A]
After he destroys the East Blue,
he's gonna take control
of the whole stinkin' world!
It all begins after
the assembly tonight.
First, we have dinner
and then he unleashes
that swarm of hell-beasts
on the East Blue.
[FRANKY]
Those animals are bad news.
Thousands of people
are gonna get butchered
if he does that.
[PIRATE A]
Well, if you want an omelet,
these broken eggs
are the only way
to get the world government
to surrender.
[PIRATE B]
Man's a genius, that's for sure.
I'm just glad I'm on his side!
[PIRATE A]
You said it!
Let's raise our glasses
to Captain Shiki!
[SALOON]
To Shiki!
[laughing]
What're you wearing?
I wouldn't show up
to the assembly
dressed in those grubby
clothes if I were you.
Ya gotta wear somethin' proper.
Oh, there's a dress code.
Good to know.
I hear he's got a little
somethin' special planned.
Gonna give us a demonstration
on just what he's got
in store for the East Blue.
What kind of demonstration?
Well, there's a village on this
island that Shiki left alone
just to wipe it out tonight!
I can't wait to see some
good old calamity!
[laughing]
Hold on, there are people
actually living on this island?
[NAMI]
Luffy?
[LUFFY]
Stay back, Nami!
Reunited at last,
baby doll.
Shiki!
[SHIKI] That was cold
of you to ditch out
like that, baby doll.
Didn't even bother
to say goodbye.
Ya sure know how to hurt
a guy's feelings.
Shut up, you pile of crap.
It's about time you
pay for tricking us
and abducting Nami like that.
Ji ha ha ha!
Can't blame me
for being an opportunist.
You idiots have no appreciation
for her talents!
Try protecting her if
you don't wanna lose her.
But you're too late.
I think she can spot a sinking
ship when she sees one,
and she knows that the smart
thing to do is to stick with me.
I'm in your head.
Aren't I, baby doll?
I've heard enough.
[LUFFY]
Hey! Wheel-head!
Don't go thinkin' you can
steal one of my crew
and just hobble away scot-free.
Oh? What're ya gonna
do about it?
Break you in half!
Luffy, wait!
[SHIKI]
Ji ha ha ha ha!
Do your worst;
I'm up for some fun!
[laughing]
[LUFFY yells]
Gum-Gum Sickle!
[USOPP]
Special Attack, Fire Bird Star!
[ZORO]
Seventy-two Caliber Phoenix!
[CHOPPER]
Arm Point!
Cloven Roseo Metel!
[SANJI]
Poitrine Shoot!
[SHIKI grunts]
You're not such
a bad team after all.
For the record, it's not
every day that someone
forces me to use my hands.
Although...
Once I've put all my
appendages in the mix,
you're in for a world of hurt.
[laughing]
Sanji!
Guess I'll get rid of you first.
[CHOPPER]
Oh, no!
[LUFFY]
Rocket!
[SHIKI grunts]
Hey, you weren't still talking
to that guy, were you?
Not really.
You seem to be under
the false assumption
that you and I are equals.
How irritating.
I'm gonna go ahead
and wrap this up now.
We might wanna brace ourselves.
[cracking]
[SANJI]
What?!
[NAMI gasps]
Now behold the
Lion's Threat, Earth Bind!
[GROUP yells]
[USOPP yells]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Cannon!
[CHOPPER gasps]
[ZORO]
Hey, Cook!
[SANJI]
Armee de L'Air.
Power Shoot!
Special Attack, Atlas Comet!
I do appreciate
the effort, but no.
[ZORO]
Three-sword style Bull Demon.
Bold Hoofs!
Was that some kind of joke?
You're not worth
bloodying my clothes!
[LUFFY]
Zoro!
[USOPP, CHOPPER yell]
[SANJI]
Aw, crap!
[LUFFY]
Third--
[USOPP, CHOPPER yell]
Luffy!
[NAMI]
No!
[SHIKI]
Ji ha ha ha ha!
Don't wake them up now;
they're just taking
a little dirt nap.
That's what they get for
refusing to face reality.
It's hardly my fault.
None of this would've
happened if they'd accepted
the fact that you
belong to me now.
Isn't that right, baby doll?
The attacks on the East Blue.
You're the one behind it,
aren't you?
Yeah, that's me.
You're evil.
Don't you dare
lay another finger
on any of my friends
or the East Blue!
You're getting
ahead of yourself.
I already told you.
I'm happy to do a favor
or two for my own crewmembers.
The only thing that
poses any threat
to me are those cyclones.
And I would be quite
grateful to have a navigator
who can spot them.
Grateful enough to do
anything to keep her happy.
Keepsake of the dead?
[NAMI]
Don't be stupid.
My sister gave it to me
before I left our hometown.
If I did decide
to join your crew...
...do you promise that you'll
leave the East Blue alone?
Ji ha ha ha ha!
Can't you tell?
There's nothing
more important to me
in this world than my own crew.
It would go against
all that I stand for
to attack my crewmember's home.
[USOPP] Don't you dare think of
doing something so stupid, Nami!
[NAMI]
Usopp!
Still conscious, huh?
[USOPP]
C'mon!
You're not gonna sell
yourself over to this creep
just to try to save your
hometown, are you?
Think of your captain!
Luffy would never agree to this!
Does it really look like
that boy's in the position
to allow anything?
You don't seem to
understand the situation
that your crew is in!
Hold on!
I understand the situation!
Just don't hurt
my friends anymore!
Ah. Better give me an
answer then, baby doll.
[NAMI]
Usopp.
This is the only
option we've got.
Just think of the East Blue.
This has to be done.
Go back to your journey
and don't worry
--about me, okay?
--[USOPP] You can't, Nami!
[NAMI]
Trust me, I'll be fine.
[USOPP]
Don't do this!
[NAMI]
I can survive anywhere.
I know you're not this stupid!
There's no way
we're just gonna--
[NAMI]
Usopp!
How can you stand
to even listen to that guy?
So annoying.
Time's running out, baby doll.
I still need an answer.
[NAMI]
All right then.
I'll join your crew.
Eh...
Not convinced.
[chuckles]
[NAMI]
Please, Captain.
Let me join your crew.
That's more like it.
Ji ha ha!
Welcome aboard,
my talented new navigator.
It's tough to realize
there are opponents
you could never beat,
but that's all a part
of growing up.
Ji ha ha ha!
Now then.
I'm not some lowly kidnapper.
You know, honor among
pirates and all that.
I know that you had
your share of good times
and bad with these guys.
So why don't you
go ahead and give them
a proper farewell.
Doesn't that melt the heart?
It should do nicely
to get them off our backs.
I'm sure your friends
will be satisfied, too.
Now they can move on.
Well, as long as they manage
to crawl out of there alive.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
We're all set.
Take your places, men.
You may now commence
with the operation
as planned!
[SCARLET yells]
[DR INDIGO]
Oh, you're back already.
Yeah.
Hey. Quit lingering.
Come on in.
Ji ha ha!
You somehow get prettier
every time I see you.
Take a gander.
You made a smart decision.
You can take comfort
in the fact that this
won't happen to your
precious hometown.
[growls]
[VILLAGERS scream]
[WOMAN C]
Hurry! To the shelter!
Holy crap!
Are those monsters
tearing that sorry village
a new hole, or what?
Were you expecting any less?
Captain Shiki's a brutal genius!
See? Nothin' to it.
All we had to do was
remove the Daft Green
surrounding the village.
I'm not interested.
I'll be in my room.
What the hell?
I was expecting a lot more
screaming and crying.
[engine roars]
[FRANKY]
Dammit.
We didn't make it in time.
It's just like the photo
from the newspaper.
This is downright horrific.
To think that bastard's
planning to do the same thing
to the East Blue.
Straw Hat!
Hey!
Say something
if you can hear me!
Hey, Luffy!
Are you out there?
What happened?
Luffy!
[FRANKY]
This is messed up!
C'mon, let's dig them out!
[BROOK]
Right!
You're telling me
Shiki's the one behind
all that stuff happening
in the East Blue?
[ROBIN]
Yes.
So, he's gonna let
those monsters loose
on our hometowns just
like he did on this village.
Evil bastard. Making us look
like a bunch of fools.
[USOPP]
Nami.
She chose to go with
Shiki so that she could
protect the East Blue.
She saved our homes,
and she saved us.
[CHOPPER]
Xiao! Are all of you okay?
We got to the underground
shelter just in time.
What you were
just talking about--
You said that your home was--
are you all really
from the East Blue?
And that girl--
She's also from the East Blue?
Yeah. That's right.
How could we have said
those awful things?
She was there in the room,
and I was so callous
to say that Shiki
was the East Blue's problem now.
I can't even imagine
how much I must have
hurt that poor girl.
[XIAO] I didn't even think
about the people there.
[LUFFY]
Xiao. Where'd ya get that?
This? I just found it.
It was laying on
the ground over there.
[LUFFY]
Can I see it for a sec?
You and your family
are amazing people, Xiao.
Your whole village was destroyed
by those huge monsters,
but you're worried
about Nami's feelings.
You're some of the
nicest people I've met,
and I know a lot of people.
There's nothing for you
to feel bad about.
Shiki's the only bad guy here.
And I'm gonna make him
pay for what he's done.
So cheer up! Okay?
[USOPP]
What is it?
A Tone Dial?
[LUFFY] Yeah.
The same one Shiki sent us.
[NAMI]
If you get this message,
please forgive me for not
saying goodbye in person.
Nami left us a recording!
[NAMI]
This might be tough to hear,
but I've made up my mind
to become Shiki's navigator.
It's just-- Shiki is
a legendary pirate,
and possibly the most
powerful man alive.
There's nothing you could
do to match up to him.
He's bound to kill you
if you come after me.
And if you don't believe me--
What the hell is this?!
How could she say that?!
You don't talk about
your own crew that way!
Hey, come on, just calm down!
[LUFFY] What does she mean
we can't match up to him?
I can't believe she
would say that to us!
Not to sound too harsh,
but ya can't deny the dude
just kicked all your asses.
No, he didn't!
I just-- I mean...
He was lucky!
He tricked us and--
Please, Luffy, calm down!
And you shut up!
[LUFFY]
Damn it!
Hey, Usopp.
Let's hear it again.
[USOPP]
Huh? Oh. Yeah.
[NAMI] If you get this message,
please forgive me
for not saying
goodbye in person.
This might be tough to hear,
but I've made up my mind
to become Shiki's navigator.
It's just-- Shiki is
a legendary pirate,
and possibly the most
powerful man alive.
There's nothing you could
do to match up to him.
He's bound to kill you
if you come after me.
And if you don't believe me...
[LUFFY yells]
[SHIKI]
Here they come.
The elites of my own
personal army.
Now the World Government
will finally crumble.
This is the first
time in 20 years
I've felt my legs tingle.
[shoes farting]
[farting continues]
[SHIKI]
She is, huh?
I see.
I'll take care of it.
He understood!
[SHIKI]
Well, look at this.
Gonna use my own plan against me
so the monsters
attack the palace, huh?
[laughs]
I guess that's why
you joined my crew.
Isn't it, baby doll?
After I agreed to your
conditions, I got to ask why.
Because you're a liar.
You have no plans
to honor the promises
that you made to me.
My hometown getting destroyed.
My friends grieving over
the loss of their homes
and loved ones.
I refuse to let that happen!
[NAMI grunts]
[SHIKI]
You should've been more patient.
[NAMI grunts]
[SHIKI]
Ji ha ha ha.
[NAMI yells]
[SHIKI] Guess you didn't realize
how strong of a poison
these trees give off, huh?
A true pirate has no
business blubbering on
about their home or family.
Pathetic attachments
and useless concepts.
It's a shame to let
something so childish
ruin your potential.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[NAMI yells]
If you're fortunate enough
to survive out here
until the general assembly ends,
then I'll gladly take you on
as my navigator again.
I've got a soft spot
for feisty women.
Ji ha ha ha ha!
[SHIKI] It's good of you
all to be here tonight.
And now, as a sign of our
newfound brotherhood,
we'll drink ceremonial
saké together.
But before we do,
I want you all to know
that I show no
mercy to traitors.
Trust me.
Stay on my good side.
And now we shall depart...
...for our sea of schemes,
the East Blue!
[PIRATES]
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
All right, Franky. Let's go.
[FRANKY]
You got it.
[FRANKY] Grab something
and hold on tight.
Coup de Burst!
[shoes farting]
[GUARDS gasp]
[GUARDS yell]
[GUARD C]
Is this some kind of joke?
Landing a ship
inside the palace?
Who the hell are these guys?
[GUARDS gasp]
[shoes farting]
Not that I need to remind you,
but the East Blue is
the most defenseless
and strategically
expendable of the five seas.
It'll be mourned, but there's
nothing that'll be missed.
So be as thorough with
your carnage as you like.
This is the birth of
the Golden Lion Pirates!
[PIRATES]
Yeah!
--[door opens]
--[HENCHMAN A] Captain Shiki!
[SHIKI] You're interrupting
the ceremony!
[HENCHMAN A]
I-I'm sorry, sir!
But you need to hear
this right away!
Only eight?
Quit wasting my time
and go kill them!
Well, sir...
[USOPP sneezes]
[SANJI]
You gotta do it with flair.
Lemme show you.
[USOPP]
Wait, I'm still stuck!
So you want another round.
Color me surprised.
You're planning on attacking
the East Blue, aren't you?
So what?
And Nami, she's okay?
Sure. She's doin' peachy.
[PIRATES laugh]
[SHIKI]
Ji ha ha ha ha!
You sure put up
a dangerous front.
But you don't think
the eight of you
are gonna walk out
of here alive, do you?
I figured only one
of you would be
naïve enough to think
she could sacrifice herself
to save her home.
But now you're rushing in here.
An entire suicide squad.
You're as dumb as you look.
Nami would never sacrifice
herself, you idiot.
She joined your crew
so she could attack
from the inside!
Now prepare yourself,
Shiki the Golden Lion.
We won't lose
the same fight twice!
[PIRATES yell]
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho!
Ugh. I'm out of ammo.
Never seems to be enough
bullets to take 'em all down.
Well, that would
be too easy.
Now let's get serious.
Hey, Usopp, Chopper.
Go look for Nami.
Right! We're on it!
Get on your feet
and stop those pests!
Kill every one of them!
[PIRATES yell]
Hurry, Captain Shiki!
To the backroom!
Right.
[PIRATES yell]
Come on! Take him down!
--[violin playing]
--[BROOK] Lullaby... Flanc!
Give me back my friend!
What'd you do to Nami?!
Captain!
[DR INDIGO gasps]
Can't you see that
our captain is busy?
[SCARLET gasps]
Stay out of the way, ape,
that's not your fight!
[BILLY squawks]
[NAMI]
Billy.
[BILLY squawks]
Billy, did you--
Did you do all that?
[BILLY squawks]
[NAMI] I need you to
do something for me.
[grunts]
[BILLY squawks]
Please calm down.
You have to listen to me.
[USOPP grunts]
[PIRATES grunt]
How 'bout some Flame Stars?
[PIRATES yell]
[USOPP grunts]
Hey, Chopper.
Can you pick up her scent?
'Fraid not.
My nose is still super congested
from all the Daft Green
particles lingering
in the air here.
Damn, what now?
There! I can see Nami!
[CHOPPER]
Where?
[BILLY vocalizing]
[vocalizing continues]
[BILLY squawks]
[NOJIKO]
Nami.
A little something
to remember me by.
You have fun out there.
[NAMI]
Don't you worry.
Things might look bad now,
but I won't let them stop me.
I promise with all my heart.
I will save my hometown.
We're almost there.
Hang on, Nami!
[CHOPPER]
I'm amazed we're still alive.
Wait! Where's Nami?
Nami!
[CHOPPER]
Nami! Can you hear me?
[USOPP] Is she okay?
Let's get her out of here.
These are the same
kind of bruises
Xiao's grandmother has.
We've gotta find that cure!
This sounds bad...
Is that what I think it is?
As if we don't have
enough to worry about!
We've gotta get Nami
out of here right away.
[BEAST growls]
[USOPP, CHOPPER yell]
[PIRATES yell]
What the hell?
[BEASTS growling]
[PIRATE K yells]
[PIRATES yell]
[FRANKY grunts]
[FRANKY chuckles]
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho!
Once again, Three Verse Humming.
Arrow Notch Slash!
[USOPP]
How's she doing, Chopper?
[CHOPPER]
Not good.
She's barely able
to get a full breath.
We need to do something
for her fast.
[BILLY squawks]
[USOPP]
That bird.
There's only one cure for this.
The IQ plants.
And Xiao said Shiki
hoarded them all.
Then we're at the right place.
But where's he storing them?
[ALL yell]
[USOPP grunts]
Is she okay?
Yeah, she should be fine.
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Shiki!
Now you've gone
and done it, baby doll.
You're that determined
to die, huh?
You've let me down
too many times.
Go on and try
as hard as you'd like.
Nobody will stop me from
crushing the East Blue!
We're surrounded!
Lion's Threat!
Imperial Earth Bind!
[USOPP yells]
Oh, crap!
[SHIKI] The time has
come for you to die!
[USOPP cries]
Stop it!
Luffy!
You don't know when to give up.
Nami. I'll finish him off,
then we're outta here.
Luffy.
[LUFFY] Shiki's mine.
You take care of Nami.
[USOPP]
Sounds good to me!
[CHOPPER]
Give him hell, Luffy!
You can't change your fate.
Try all you like,
but you're destined to die.
[LUFFY] Who the hell
do you think you are
to decide what our
fate's gonna be?!
Jet Pistol!
[SHIKI yells]
Billy! Let's do this!
[BILLY squawks]
[LUFFY]
Stay away from the East Blue!
You hear me?!
[SHIKI] You are really
on my last nerve, kid.
Convenient you're from
the East Blue.
Killing you is like
an appetizer!
[USOPP grunts]
What is this place?
[CHOPPER]
These are the IQ plants.
It looks like they're using
the moonlight to grow them.
I smell chemicals!
[CHOPPER] This must be
the lab where they're doing
their research.
How're we 'sposed to
know which one to give her?
[farting noise]
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
A bad guy!
[DR INDIGO]
Piro piro piro piro!
You smell like you've been
handling chemicals.
Are you Shiki's scientist?
Yes, and a rather
formidable one at that.
[CHOPPER]
Give us the cure for Daft!
Piro piro piro! Why should I?
You can look all you'd like,
but why would I give
you my own personal
emergency stash?
[ZORO] 'Cause that would
save you a lot of pain.
Trust me.
Not that I mind taking
it by force, really.
Stand back, guys.
I'm gonna slash this clown
into confetti.
Zoro!
You managed to follow me
all the way here, did you?
[USOPP]
All right! Get this guy!
We need that drug
he has to save Nami!
So, you think I'm weak, do you?
You think you can beat me,
you East Blue hick?!
Nobody cares if your
crap hole sea gets destroyed!
All you people are worthless!
No one cares!
[DR INDIGO]
Chemical Juggling.
I'll melt your bones!
[ZORO]
I can't keep up!
[yells]
Zoro!
You okay?
Piro piro piro! See?
Chemical Juggling's
pretty rough stuff.
I don't have any time for your
circus performances, clown.
[DR INDIGO]
Then you'll hate Mass Juggling!
Die!
Zoro!
[DR INDIGO] Just try to
walk that one off, pal!
Piro piro piro piro!
[ZORO]
Demon Aura.
Nine-sword Style.
Asura!
[DR INDIGO gasps]
[ZORO] If being born and
raised in the East Blue
makes me worthless...
Chemical...
[ZORO] Then ya have to wonder
what that says about you.
[DR INDIGO]
...Juggling!
[DR INDIGO gasps]
[ZORO]
Piercing Drill!
[DR INDIGO yells]
Worthless is better than dead.
How can someone be that cool?
He's gotta be immortal
or something.
[ZORO]
Chopper!
[CHOPPER]
The antidote!
[ZORO]
I'm heading back!
Get Nami fixed up!
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
Right, we're on it!
[USOPP]
Hey, wrong way! Gah!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!
Splendidly done.
How many animals
are on this island?
[SCARLET grunting]
[SANJI]
This way!
[SCARLET grunting]
Huh? Is that--?
Get away from her!
[SANJI]
Hell no.
Over my dead body you're
gonna marry Robin!
Drop her, you filthy
perverted ape!
When did you learn
how to speak gorilla?!
You're finished.
Violating the honor
of a lady in front of me--
that's a lethal offense
in my book,
you crap-tossing monkey!
[APE MINION vocalizing]
Out of the way!
Hang on, Robin!
[SANJI grunts]
[SANJI] I've had it up
to here with you morons
trying to steal our women.
And you picked the wrong
sea to mess with.
Do you have a
single clue how many
beautiful young ladies
there are that call
the East Blue their home?
[SCARLET roars]
Diable Jambe!
[SANJI]
Venison Shoot!
Take this!
[ROBIN yelps]
[SCARLET yells]
And that's why you don't
threaten the ladies
of the East Blue.
Oh, crap, Robin!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!
I hope you're all right,
mademoiselle.
Yes. Thank you, Brook.
I'm gonna skin you
alive, you selfish jerk!
You took the best part!
[BROOK] He does realize that I
don't actually have any skin,
right?
[USOPP]
It doesn't matter.
As long as Nami's safe.
[NAMI]
Usopp?
[CHOPPER]
Yeah, you're right.
[NAMI]
That sounds like Chopper, too.
Where am I?
--Nami!
--You're up, thank goodness!
We've been worried about you.
The antidote must be working.
Did you come back to rescue me?
Yeah, of course we did!
But not just us, the whole crew.
Zoro. Sanji. Robin.
Franky. Brook. Luffy.
We're not leaving you behind!
[NAMI crying]
[NAMI]
Thank you!
Hey, come on, now.
We didn't do it to make you cry.
[NAMI]
I know that.
If we don't defeat Shiki,
then the East Blue will--
The wind.
Hold on!
[USOPP]
What's the matter?
Is something wrong?
There's a storm coming.
Huh?
[NAMI]
The pressure's decreasing.
I bet there's a huge
cloud heading for us.
We'll be safer in the palace.
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
What?!
[BILLY squawks]
[yells]
--[BILLY squawks]
--[LUFFY yells]
Billy! Are you okay?
[BILLY squawks]
This cat and mouse game
has gone on long enough.
Slashing Wave!
[BILLY squawks]
[SHIKI]
Ji ha ha ha ha!
This battle's over, kid.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
Click.
[NAVIGATOR C]
Navigation to Captain Shiki!
Come in, Captain! It's urgent!
What is it?
[NAVIGATOR C] Sir!
We need to turn toward the east!
A storm is coming!
That's just what I needed.
There. I did it.
Just like you told me!
[NAVIGATOR C yells]
[USOPP] Hey, Nami...
Are you sure about this?
[NAMI]
Yeah. I'm positive.
[CHOPPER]
But it seems kind of dangerous.
Y'know, flying into a storm.
[NAMI]
Of course it's dangerous.
What?!
Trust me.
It's the only option we've got.
[SHIKI]
That should take care of you.
Oh, my.
That must be a particularly
miserable death
for a Devil Fruit user.
But ya can't just coast by
on youthful enthusiasm.
As for your dear East Blue,
and that precious girl of yours,
you'll just have to watch
from a ringside seat
in heaven as they perish
in utter despair.
Lion... Scattering Valley!
[LUFFY yells]
Ji ha ha ha ha!
Hm? What's that?
An afro?
What the--? Oh, no!
Why ya think all the monsters
are running away?
[PIRATE K]
It's a storm, you idiot!
The island's heading
straight into a storm!
[PIRATE M]
Are you serious?
All right, men!
Let's get the hell out of here!
[PIRATES yell]
I hate to agree with them,
but the weather's not
lookin' so hot, huh?
Those animals are
Shiki's victims, too.
It's not their fault
they're monsters.
The drug made 'em that way.
It's unforgivable!
[BROOK grunting]
My! This certainly is some
bone-breaking labor.
Wait.
I actually made a
bone-appropriate joke for once,
and no one even heard it.
Yo ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho--
[BILLY squawks]
[LUFFY]
Billy.
Do you think you can still fly?
[BILLY squawks]
[LUFFY grunts, yells]
That bastard will pay!
Let's go, Billy.
To the sky!
[BILLY squawks]
[SHIKI]
Huh...
[BILLY squawks]
[LUFFY yelling]
--[LUFFY grunts]
--[BILLY squawks]
He's persistent.
[NAMI]
Shiki!
[SHIKI]
Huh?
Nami! You're being reckless!
It's Nami!
[BILLY squawks]
Give it up, Shiki!
You can't win this one!
[CHOPPER]
The dynamite's all set, Nami!
Wait, what did you say?
Dynamite?
[NAMI]
You got it.
The factory, the palace,
the whole island.
We'll blow it all into the sea!
We've put an end to your plans!
Now call it quits!
Don't screw with me!
Nami!
I've spent 20 years
on this plan.
Do you really think
you can crush it so easily?
You insignificant worms!
Well let's see!
Special Attack!
Sky Dragon Star!
Take him down!
You're pathetic!
Billy! Go get Nami!
[BILLY squawks]
[USOPP yells]
You okay?
[USOPP grunts]
Nice catch!
Stupid bird!
[LUFFY] If you want a fight,
it's over here!
Third Gear!
Bone Balloon!
Everybody!
Hurry back to the Sunny!
What the hell am I looking at?
Didn't I kill you?
Just get hit by
lightning and die!
[LUFFY] I'm not the one
who's gonna die here, Shiki!
The East Blue is off limits!
You're not touching it!
[LUFFY yells]
Ji ha ha ha!
That's some strategy
you've got there, kid!
Oh, man.
You can do it!
Take him down!
Luffy!
[SHIKI]
Bring it on!
I'm the most powerful pirate
this world has ever seen!
Stay away from my friends!
I won't let you hurt them!
Or my home!
I won't let you hurt
anyone ever again!
Gum-Gum Giant...
[SHIKI yells]
...Thor Axe!
[SHIKI]
I can't believe it.
Thwarted yet again by
a man from the East Blue.
[SHIKI]
Roger!
Time for liftoff!
Hang on tight!
Coup de Burst!
[FRANKY grunts]
Luffy!
Did he make it?
Luffy...
[BILLY squawks]
Billy!
--[BILLY squawks]
--[NAMI] Billy!
Come on...
[LUFFY yelling]
Is that Luffy?
Wha--? Where is he?
[LUFFY yelling]
All right!
Thank goodness that I'm
the only dead one here.
He had me really scared!
He did it, you guys!
He saved everyone
in the East Blue!
Although, he does kinda
look like a doofus like that.
Yeah.
[NAMI]
He really does.
Whoa.
Shiki's power is gone.
There's nothing to hold them up.
What about Xiao?
Hey! Look at that!
[XIAO laughs]
That's amazing.
Nami!
--[SANJI] Nami!
--[ZORO] Careful!
[FRANKY]
Is she okay?
[BILLY squawks]
[MARINE G] There's an island
falling towards the fleet!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINE H] Get to work!
We've gotta get out of here!
Hurry!
Hey! Look up there!
It's Shiki the Golden Lion!
Catch him!
[MARINE K]
I don't think that's Shiki.
Were they the ones
behind all this?
Take aim!
That's the Straw Hat Pirates!
Prepare to fire!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[MARINE L]
Yes, sir. That's right.
The Straw Hat Pirates.
Why were they there?
[MARINE L]
We don't know.
We're putting a
report together now.
You'll be fully debriefed on the
details once it's ready, sir.
Very well.
Just keep me informed.
We didn't make any
difference, did we?
Damn.
[CHOPPER] Well, I'm glad to see
you're up and about.
You recovered a lot faster
than I expected.
But you should still take it
easy and get lots of bed rest.
I'm fine, I promise.
I've been cooped up too long.
I need some fresh air.
If you're sure. Fine with me!
Everyone can't wait to see you.
Good news!
Nami's up, you guys!
--Nami!
--[USOPP] Huh?
[SANJI]
Welcome back, Nami swan!
[FRANKY]
Hey! You're feelin' better?
[NAMI]
Yeah! I'm great.
I'm pleased your health
has returned.
I have a question for you
now that you're well.
Would you be so kind
as to show me your pa--
Knock it off!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho ho!
That was highly uncalled for!
[SANJI]
Oh, shut up!
[BROOK yells]
[LUFFY]
Hey, Nami!
You gonna explain what
this thing was all about?
Uh... Please don't play that!
I'll never match up
to Shiki, huh?
We're all bound to die
if we fight him?
You said some really mean stuff!
I mean, yeah, I admit,
he got the upper hand
and buried me
in that dirt thing,
but it's cause I was too
hungry to fight, all right?
Come on, I knew that.
That's why I--
I can't believe
you would do that!
After all this time
we've spent together,
I thought you'd at least
give me a little more credit!
Really!
Luffy...
What are you talking about?
Well, that stupid message!
Did you not listen
to the whole thing?
Luffy, she had to make
it sound convincing
in front of Shiki.
Yeah, she didn't really
have a choice.
But if you heard
the end of it...
I thought I listened
to the whole thing.
No, you got all pissed
and stormed off.
If you ask me, the whole
message sounded more
like a love letter
than anything else.
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho...
I was directing those
words straight at you
since you're the most stubborn
person I've ever known.
I think you should listen
to it all the way through.
[USOPP]
Mm-hmm.
Hey, shut up!
Okay.
[NAMI gasps]
Luffy, stop it!
Just throw it away!
It's embarrassing!
[LUFFY] Stop, I wanna
hear what you said!
[NAMI] You're being
a total jerk right now.
Give it to me!
[LUFFY]
Hey!
What's wrong with you?
You can't just throw this away!
These things are valuable! Hey!
[NAMI]
Luffy!
Come on, Nami!
We can still use it!
[NAMI]
If you get this message...
[NAMI] Quit listening to it!
Just give it to me!
[LUFFY]
I wanna hear it!
[NAMI]
This might be tough to hear,
but I've made up my mind to
become Shiki's navigator.
It's just--
Shiki is a legendary pirate,
and possibly the most
powerful man alive.
There's nothing you could
do to match up to him.
He's bound to kill you
if you come after me.
And if you don't believe me...
Then prove me wrong...
and save me.
♪
[BILLY squawking]
[BILLY squawks]
[XIAO laughing]